cdc: make mq encoding protocol related more clear (#19156)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-sink-to-kafka.md

| `required-acks` | A parameter used in the `Produce` request, which notifies the broker of the number of replica acknowledgements it needs to receive before responding. Value options are `0` (`NoResponse`: no response, only `TCP ACK` is provided), `1` (`WaitForLocal`: responds only after local commits are submitted successfully), and `-1` (`WaitForAll`: responds after all replicated replicas are committed successfully. You can configure the minimum number of replicated replicas using the [`min.insync.replicas`](https://kafka.apache.org/33/documentation.html#brokerconfigs_min.insync.replicas) configuration item of the broker). (Optional, the default value is `-1`).    |
| `compression` | The compression algorithm used when sending messages (value options are `none`, `lz4`, `gzip`, `snappy`, and `zstd`; `none` by default). Note that the Snappy compressed file must be in the [official Snappy format](https://github.com/google/snappy). Other variants of Snappy compression are not supported.|

> | `protocol` | The protocol with which messages are output to Kafka. The value options are [`canal-json`](/ticdc/ticdc-canal-json.md)、[`open-protocol`](/ticdc/ticdc-open-protocol.md)、[`avro`](/ticdc/ticdc-avro-protocol.md)、[`debezium`](/ticdc/ticdc-debezium.md) and [`simple`](/ticdc/ticdc-simple-protocol.md).   |

Reviewer: 中文 PR 里 https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/18783/files, protocol 这行在 topic-name 参数下面，要统一下位置吗

> **Note:**
>

> > When `protocol` is `open-protocol`, TiCDC tries to batch multiple encoded messages into one Kafka message, avoid generating messages that exceed `max-message-bytes` in length. 
> > If the encoding result of a single row changed event is larger than the `max-message-bytes` in length, changefeed report error, and print logs.
> 
> > **注意：**
> >
> > 当 `protocol` 为 `open-protocol` 时，TiCDC 会将多个事件编码到同一个 Kafka 消息中，此过程中尽量避免产生长度超过 `max-message-bytes` 的消息。
> > 如果单条数据变更编码得到的消息大小超过了 `max-message-bytes` 个字节，changefeed 会报错，打印错误日志。

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> When `protocol` is `open-protocol`, TiCDC encodes multiple events into one Kafka message. Avoid generating messages that exceed the length specified by `max-message-bytes`. 
> If the encoded result of a single row change event exceeds the value of `max-message-bytes`, the changefeed reports an error, and prints logs.
```

> **Note:**
>

> > When `protocol` is `open-protocol`, TiCDC encodes multiple events into one Kafka message. Avoid generating messages that exceed the length specified by `max-message-bytes`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When `protocol` is `open-protocol`, TiCDC encodes multiple events into one Kafka message and avoids generating messages that exceed the length specified by `max-message-bytes`. 
```

> > If the encoded result of a single row change event exceeds the value of `max-message-bytes`, the changefeed reports an error, and prints logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the encoded result of a single row change event exceeds the value of `max-message-bytes`, the changefeed reports an error and prints logs.
```
